1. Open up simple.c using <Ctrl+o> and then selecting simple.c. To copy the
first 12 lines, put your cursor at the start of the first line. Holding the
shift key down, press the down key 12 times. Still holding down the shift key,
press the end key.

Hit <Ctrl+c> to copy the lines.

Hit <ctrl+n> to open a new file. Hit <ctrl+v> to paste the lines, then
<ctrl+s> to save the file, typing in 'a.c' as the name of the file. Hit enter.

Repeat these steps 2 more times, replacing 'a.c' with 'b.c' and 'c.c'.

2. To open a second pane, hit <shift+alt+2>. You should automatically be in
the second pane. Hit <ctrl+n> to open a new file in this window. Hit <ctrl+1>
to switch back to the first pane. Hit <ctrl+2> to switch to the second pane.
To switch to the terminal, open up a terminal shell and then use <alt+tab> to
switch between it and sublime text.

3. To find the original definition of this function, use <ctrl+shift+f> to
search across multiple files/directories. Input the name of the function, then
hit enter. Find the name of the file containing the original definition out of
the returned results, then open that file using <ctrl+p> then typing in the
name of the file. Use <ctrl+w> to close that file and the search results
window, and you will be back in the original file.

4. To remove all whitespace from the front of the file, use <ctrl+f>. Press
<alt+r> to switch to regex mode. Input "^\s*" into the find bar, then hit
<alt+enter> to select all instances of whitespace at the front of the file.
Hit <backspace> to remove the whitespace.

5. To replace "Bill Self" in the source file, hit <ctrl+f> again. Type "Bill
Self" into the search bar, then use <alt+enter> to select all instances. Type
in "basketball genius Bill Self" to replace all instances. To then reformat
the file to fit the specified size, hit <ctrl+a> to select all text. Then use
<alt+q> to reformat all selected text.
